Additional FAQs to proteomics (#3048)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/proteomics/faqs/comparing_measurement.md

---
title: How does one compare metaproteomics measurements from two experimental conditions?
area: metaproteomics
box_type: tip
layout: faq
---

> For comparing taxonomy composition or functional content of two conditions in metaproteomics or metatranscriptomics studies, users are recommended to use metaQuantome. GTN tutorials for metaQuantome are available [here](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/proteomics/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For comparing taxonomy composition or functional content of two conditions in metaproteomics or metatranscriptomics studies, users are recommended to use metaQuantome. GTN tutorials for metaQuantome are available [in the proteomics topic.]({% link topics/proteomics/index.md %}) 
```
